hi I'm Albert and today we're reviewing
this program called detox my pc I'd
started using it because my pc was
lagging and I was running out of free
space on my hard drive so I decided to
give it a go I installed the full
version and it's important because many
options are limited in the shareware
version so let us now see how it runs we
start the scan and here it goes it's
detoxes history it detoxes the cache
logs trash temporary files you can see
the full list that it does in here and
it also fixes the registry which is very
important because over the time windows
become stacked with all kinds of
registry leftovers and it's great to
have them removed which will make your
pc run a lot faster ok so now the
scanning is complete as you can see here
it has found forty eight gigabytes of
temporary files which I can remove and
it'll be amazing because it will recover
so much of free space it has also found
some problems in my registry which is
also great to be fixed here we can
review what will be fixed and what won't
be fixed here I will remove the tick so
that it doesn't touch the history which
I probably need now as far as cash is
concerned I certainly wanted to remove
the logs to temporary files definitely
now I do want to keep the cookies ended
sessions because it stores some my saved
passwords and some of my open sessions
my downloads I want to keep to the
leftovers can certainly go registry all
the errors it has found in the registry
I want it removed Windows Explorer I
probably want to keep some of the things
too and the application languages as
well now as far as I can see everything
can go so we're set and ready to go
let's press detox ready to start detox
well hell yeah and now it started to
detox my pc removing all the unwanted
files and all the leftovers alright so
as you can see now it did talk
practically everything it's still
working on the registry it detoxed my
temporary files for z 8 gigabytes and
once the registry is fixed the pc will
run much faster performing a scan once
every week will keep my pc healthy and
quick and that's what i really want from
my computer so this is detox my pc
program thanks a lot for watching i hope
this program can be useful to you as
well